WCAG exemptions in regulatory work (#330)
w3c/wcag2ict: introduction.md

A small number of success criteria are written to apply to “a set of web pages” or “multiple web pages” and require all pages in the set to share some characteristic or behavior. Since the unit of conformance in WCAG 2 is a single web page, the task force agreed that the equivalent unit of conformance for non-web documents is a single document. It follows that an equivalent unit of evaluation for a “set of web pages” would be a ”set of documents”. Since it isn't possible to unambiguously carve up non-web software into discrete pieces, a single “web page” was equated to a “software program” and a “set of web pages” was equated to a “set of software programs.  Both of these new terms are defined in the Key Terms section of this document. See “[set of documents](#set-of-documents)” and “[set of software programs](#set-of-software-programs)” to determine when a group of documents or pieces of software are considered a set. 
<div class="note">
  
Sets of software that meet this definition appear to be extremely rare.</div>

> Not all success criteria have been fully adopted in all local regulations and legislation, and may not be applicable to all technologies. WCAG2ICT was also used to determine whether or not to apply certain success criteria. For example, some local standards such as Section 508 in the US, and EN 301 549 in Europe, state that non-Web documents and non-Web software do not need to comply with WCAG 2.0 Success Criteria 2.4.1 Bypass Blocks, 2.4.5 Multiple Ways, 3.2.3 Consistent Navigation, and 3.2.4 Consistent Identification. In addition, EN 301 549 also states that non-Web software does not need to comply with 2.4.2 Page titled and 3.1.2 Language of parts. Regulators should consider the applicability of individual success criteria to non-web documents and software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all success criteria have been fully adopted in all local regulations and legislation, and may not be applicable to all technologies. Regulators have used WCAG2ICT to determine whether or not to apply certain success criteria. For example, some local standards such as Revised 508 Standards (2017) in the US, and EN 301 549 version 3.2.1 (2021) in Europe, have stated that non-Web documents and non-Web software do not need to comply with WCAG 2.0 Success Criteria 2.4.1 Bypass Blocks, 2.4.5 Multiple Ways, 3.2.3 Consistent Navigation, and 3.2.4 Consistent Identification. In addition, EN 301 549 has also stated that non-Web software does not need to comply with 2.4.2 Page Titled and 3.1.2 Language of Parts. Regulators should consider the applicability of individual success criteria to non-web documents and software, and where necessary consider alternate accessibility requirements to address user needs.
```

I agree with @GreggVan's [concern](https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/55145/WCAG2ICT-survey-comment-answers/results) that the references could become dated. To address this concern, as well as for writing style, I propose changing most of the paragraph to past tense. I also propose citing specific versions of the regulations, so our statements here will remain true regardless of future versions of those regulations.

Finally, I added a bit about "address user needs" at the end.

Reviewer 2: +1 to @mitchellevan edits
